hi today we're going to talk about
playing for scripture readings probably
the most important thing that you must
realize whenever you play for scripture
is that you have to learn to listen to
the scripture as you play don't become
engrossed in what you're playing listen
to the scripture it will lead you to
playing what should be played there are
some specific techniques that I'd like
to share with you right now for example
if I play in sort of like in the middle
range of the piano like so and my
textures are kind of busy like this you
find it difficult to hear
our focus on because it's all hard to
focus on because your ear is conflicted
with the busyness and also in the same
register that I'm playing in is it's in
the same register as the human voice so
solution simplify the playing and move
it a little bit out of the range so this
is better you can hear as I'm talking
and playing it's a little better but
it's still not quite there because it's
too busy and there's still remnants that
of the sound that occur in the same
frequency as mice as my speaking voice
watch what happens now when I move
completely out of the range and I
simplify just by playing intervals I can
talk all day long now and not interfere
at all with what's going on and if I
listen carefully to the scripture it'll
lead me to play the right thing it'll
teach me when to pause and when to
access that sacred space